hello everyone welcome to creatine today
I'm going to be pretty Gogi create the
memory thief
we need 1 pounds of English slice the
beet green onion onion carrot is
optional I like you too Karen in my free
boogie cooking rice wine mystically
brown sugar soy sauce sesame seeds
sesame oil under slice 2 green onions
sliced thinly we're a mixer or together
put the wine first
very important tip is to use same amount
of soy sauce and sugar I used brown
sugar but you can use a white sugar too
that means the poly
sesame seeds
I usually put this in your engine last
now you're going to ask them all the
vegetables then mix really well come by
all ingredients and they married lipid
later for 2 hours before you cook to
provoke it now when I put it in the
refrigerator now we can cut the blue
bogey-free boobies mainly in the
refrigerator for 2 hours now I go kick
in the small pan so very hot
cook this in the middle high
to make chocolate
we will be do they need supplies no need
to political can rely on
we take cookies people wind up about
three to five minutes in the over hide
it
probably the almost turn you can spring
cookies ready you can start prove oh you
it is to dress thank you for watching
Korean cooking see you next time